[data views] Swap references API docs (#175183)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/data-views/swap_references.asciidoc

[[data-views-api-swap-references]]
=== Swap references data view API
++++
<titleabbrev>Swap references</titleabbrev>
++++

Swap saved object references

> CAUTION! MISUSE CAN BREAK LARGE NUMBERS OF SAVED OBJECTS! PRACTICE WITH A BACKUP!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING]
====
Misuse can break large numbers of saved objects! Practicing with a backup is recommended. 
====
```

[NOTE]
====
For the most up-to-date API details, refer to the
{kib-repo}/tree/{branch}/src/plugins/data_views/docs/openapi[open API specification].
====

[[data-views-api-swap-references-request]]
==== Request

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/api/data_views/swap_references`

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/s/<space_id>/api/data_views/swap_references`

[[data-views-api-swap-references-request-body]]
==== Request body

> fromId - Saved object reference to change
> 
> toId - New saved object reference value to replace the old
> 
> delete - Deletes referenced saved object if all references are removed
> 
> fromType - Specify the type of the saved object reference to alter. Default is `index-pattern` for data view
> 
> forId - Limit the affected saved objects to one or more by id
> 
> forType - Limit the affected saved objects by type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`formId`::
(Required, string) Saved object reference to change.

`toId`::
(Required, string) New saved object reference value to replace the old.

`delete`::
 (Optional, boolean) Deletes referenced saved object if all references are removed.

`fromType`::
 (Required, object) Specify the type of the saved object reference to alter. Default is `index-pattern` for data view.

`forId`::
(Optional, string) Limit the affected saved objects to one or more by IDs.

`forType`::
 (Optional, string) Limit the affected saved objects by type.
```

Reviewer: Pretty please check all my prefixes -> (Optional, string) and so on because I've probably made some mistakes with them.
